dxFileUploader: add HowTo section (#1084)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/FileUploader/99 How To/20 Specify a file's GUID.md

> Use the [valueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileUploader/Events/#valueChanged) event to generate a unique identifier for a file before uploading and pass it as a parameter to an upload URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [valueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileUploader/Events/#valueChanged) event to generate a unique identifier for a file before it is uploaded and pass it as a parameter to the upload URL. 
```
